# ReqUML Main GUI

This is the main GUI of the ReqUML application whose main role is to render the home page of the application with the submission form to add an order with user stories for analysis.


# Installation

Run the following command to install all the packages required to start the server. These are all open-source MIT-licenced packages that are core for React.js applications.
> npm install


# Running the server

To run the application after installing the packages, run the following command:
> npm start
  

# Route Endpoints

> GET /

This route renders the home page of the application with the submission form for user stories.


# Folder structure and files

Folder *public* contains files that the React.js app uses to render a single-page website on the client side. Files:

 1. favicon.svg: the favicon of the website
 2. index.html: the main HTML page of the application
 3. manifest.json: config file of the website
 4. robots.txt: config file generated by React.js

Folder *src* contains all the folders with files that define the React components of the website. Each component folder contains a JavaScript file and a module.css file with the styling of the component. Folders:

 1. Instruction > Instruction.js, Instruction.module.css; the area where the instruction steps on how the application operates are rendered

 2. InstructionStep > InstructionStep.js, InstructionStep.module.css; a single component where a specific textual instruction is rendered

 3. RequirementArea > RequirementArea.js, RequirementArea.module.css; the area where all the components of the form to submit a new order with user stories is rendered. The state of the form is handled in the JS file here and a POST request to the public server is sent from here. 

 4. RequirementLine > RequirementLine.js, RequirementLine.module.css; a single component that represents one line to input one user story, including the actor, the action verb and the actual functionality description.

 5. RequirementList > RequirementList.js, RequirementList.module.css; a component that groups together all RequirementLine components in the form, handles the state of the form and informs the RequirementArea component of any changes.

 6. UserStoryInstruction > UserStoryInstruction.js, UserStoryInstruction.module.css; a component which renders textual descripton on what a user story is and what its syntax should be. 

 7. WelcomeScreen > WelcomeScreen.js, WelcomeScreen.module.css, SVG/PNG files; a component which is rendered at the top of the home page and introduces the application to the users.

 8. App.js, App.module.css, index.js: React.js application entry points to render all the components on the client side 

*Root* folder mostly contains core Node.js files required for the normal operation of the application. Files:

 1. .firebaserc: config file of Firebase (deployment)
 2. firebase.json: config file of Firebase (deployment)
 3. .gitignore: contains a list of folders and files that should not be pushed to the Git repository
 4. Avowal.txt: the statement cerifying that the project is my own work
 5. package-log.json: Node.js config file
 6. package.json: Node.js config file
 7. README: the current file

 # Deployment

 The website is deployed on Firebase and can be accessed via URL:
 > https://requml.co.uk

 